{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 RISING\
\
Flags are a vehicle for transferring symbolic messages. These symbols can build identity, or be used as a call to action. They can tell a story, and represent change over time when presented in a series. The meaning and efficacy of the messages flags carry based on your perspective and context, whether social, physical, or temporal.\
\
I became interested in designing a series of flags that played on these characteristics. I wanted to create a flag that told a story, that changed based on one\'92s perspective, that could mean different things to different people, that represented the environment in which it was placed, and that could serve as a call to action. Rising depicts the narrative of the Sun being swallowed by a rising tide over a series of four flags. The Sun is represented by a red circle, that not only brings up the symbolism of a wayfinding point on a map\'97you are here!\'97but also represents the East Coast as the place where the Sun rises for the entire nation.\
\
The imagery seemed pertinent to the current threat posed by global warming and rising sea levels, especially for a city like Providence situated on a river near the Atlantic ocean. The flag poles are positioned along the Providence River, which cuts through the city and is a focal point for community events like Water Fire. Being so near the water, people will be able to see changes in water levels over the years. The imagery serves as a warning and a call to action; depending on how our nation and the rest of the world acts, the meaning of the flags could change over time to either being an ironic source of shame that criticizes us for our inaction, or a visual reminder of a time we came together and reversed the threat of a common enem y\'c6}