{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green30\blue31;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c13333\c11765\c12157;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl172\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 The Providence River: A symbol for the city\'92s renewal, resilience and historic development\
\
My flag designs propose 4 semi translucent flags that serve as a timeline and tribute to the development of the Providence River since the city\'92s founding. The flags are an extension of the historical plaques around the river. The translucency of the flags allows the viewer to see a layered perspective of the rivers (below) or see each stage of the river individually.\
\
Providence is a city that is very well adapted to change and rises and falls in growth. It\'92s had golden days and periods that gave the city a negative reputation. Providence\'92s river has, in many ways, been at the heart of the city\'92s developmental ebbs and flows throughout history. It was a major factor in the city\'92s ability to become a successful center for trade during the city\'92s founding, gave Providence the ability to be a major industrial center in the 19th century and, today, hundred of locals and visitors frequently gather around the river mesmerized by Waterfire.\
\
Providence river has, however, been both a friend and a foe to the city and its people. The city has a tragic history of major gales both in the 19th and 20th centuries that reshaped both the foundation of the city and its ability to thrive. These occurrences combined with industrialization and the building of railroads caused Providence to abandon the river and almost entirely build over it for over half a century. In 1980s, however, Providence began to celebrate the river again by un covering it and building a series of riverside parks. In one of these parks stands 4 empty flag poles.\
\
The site of these poles at the Weybosset Bridge also happens to be a loaded symbol of change and development. Meaning \'93crossing place\'94 in Algonquin, the point of the Weybosset Bridge was a sacred point in Naraganssiet culture as it was the only area with high enough ground for people to cross the river during low tide. Although many different bridges have been developed on this site since, it remains a major connecting point between both sides of the city, and is the most active crossing points for pedestrians and vehicles alike.\
\
Providence doesn\'92t need to create any new symbols to represent its development: it already has one. By highlighting the Weybosset crossing point on the Providence River, my flag designs attempt to nod at Providence\'92s adaptive spirit as well as curiosity and hope for the future of it\'92s development.}