{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12940\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf0 For my final flag series, I chose to represent the skaters that frequent the flagpole area. I began by researching the history of \'93provocative\'94 skateboard graphics and decided not to go that direction with my flags, since the non-skating citizens of of Providence would also be viewing them.\
\
The black lines, curves, and zig-zags are abstract representations of the motion of the skateboarders. I was inspired by the concept of Umberto Boccioni\'92s sculpture, Unique Forms of the Continuity of Space . Instead of representing the skateboarders themselves, I represented the paths they take while riding. These paths can be both smooth and frenetic. When multiple riders are skating together, a sort of choreography is created. These marks are also reminiscent of the marks left on the concrete by skateboards.\
\
I intentionally did not depict a skateboarding man because I wanted to democratize the flags. In other words, these skateboarding representations are more about the tricks than about the specific riders. Thus far I have only seen male skateboarders around the flagpole, but I have seen female skateboarders around campus. I wanted the flags to symbolize that any skater is welcome, not just male skaters.\
\
For the flag background colors, I chose varying shades of grey pastels to represent the concrete surface that is integral to skateboarding. The hints of pink and purple in some of the greys provide an unexpected take on the classically male-dominated skateboarding cultural imagery.}