{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green30\blue31;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c13333\c11765\c12157;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10320\viewh10180\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 Concept: Symbolize four specific things (that relate or don\'92t) & community unity \
\
After doing some research and observations of the space, I decided that each flag would make a reference to the history of Providence in relation to its current state. Founded by Roger Williams as a safe haven for people of all religions in colonial times, Providence is still considered a refuge for discriminated peoples. Yet, it was also one of the biggest slave ports in the United States. On a lighter note, the city was one of the first to industrialize and became known for its textile and metal manufacturing, garnering the nickname as the \'93Beehive of Industry.\'94 In 2009, the city rebranded itself to be called \'93The Creative Capital\'94 due to the high concentration of artists and designers living in the city. \
\
I attached a word to each of these facts that I would symbolize: Creativity, Innovation, Opportunity, Equality. Together, these created a \'93Manifesto\'94 that the people of Providence can (almost) universally strive for.\
\
The forms for each are derived directly from their chosen word. While abstract, they are meant to be generally understood by the people of Providence. The connected spiral symbolizing creativity was inspired by the creative process. The forward lopping arrow similarly symbolizes the process of innovation. The road symbolizing opportunity moves the viewer\'92s eye up and to the right, common positive directional connotations. Lastly, the repeating vertical lines symbolizing equality are spaced evenly, there being no hierarchy in the design.\
\
I chose to use a bright yellow color for the symbols because it is a color of creativity while remaining playful, uplifting, and happy. The white backgrounds make reference to white flags in battle, a symbol of a request for a truce.\
\
My early iterations included use of a second color serving as a shadow for the symbols. One set used black, the other using a darker shade of yellow. I felt these were distracting from the main symbol and decided that simpler was better. I also played with the stroke weight of the symbols, and the background color.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl201\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Together the colors and symbols of the flags suggest positivity and forward-thinking in a collaborative, inclusive way.}