{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8380\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl1121\partightenfactor0
\cf2 mosaic\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The question that is central to this project is \'93what would a flag bereft of human sentiment look like?\'94\
\
To explain: Flags are symbols of group identity and are representative of a physical space. They are instruments of patriotism, tools for dissent, and in more contemporary circumstances, are ideological battlegrounds where differences between identity groups are played out. \
\
Common to all of the descriptions above is the enduring human reliance on the flag to advance certain motives. The have become objects of emotional investment. \
\
But do they have to be all of the above? \
What if we extricated the flag as a symbol from the human artifice?\
\
To deviate from the established utilities ascribed to flags, I have attempted to conceive of a flag not for people or groups, but for the physical context of \
Providence. \
\
This \'91thing\'92 simply exists as one with the physical context.\
\
Its presence is rooted in its visual absence. \
\
Its coherence with the surrounding context takes the form of a mylar surface, reflecting the buildings around it. \
}