{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14460\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In my process of creating a set of four flags that would fly in the setting across the river in front of the back door of the RISD Design Building, I first thought about a wider scope of the setting. I began this process with researching the history of Rhode Island with a focus on Providence, as that is where the flags would be located. As I was researching the history of the state and the city, I decided that I wanted to make the focus of my flags to be on history, more specifically, I wanted the flags to express a sequence of time.\
\
I designed the Triangular Trade flag first, as I decided that this period of Rhode Island history is the point in which I wanted to begin my timeline. Moreover, the Triangular Trade is a key factor in the history of Providence because Newport, Bristol, Market Square and RISD\'92s Market House (just to name a few) were key locations where African slaves were traded and sold. This Transatlantic slave trade system operated from the late 16th century to the early 19th century. New England, and especially Rhode Island, manufactured rum which was brought to Africa and traded for slaves, these slaves were then taken to the West Indies and traded for the sugar and molasses that New England would use to make more rum. The elements of the first flag include: three black ellipses which represent the ports of the trade, New England, the Caribbean and Africa, the gold triangle represents the trade routes that link the ports together, thirteen black stars, to represent slavery in the Thirteen Colonies, and a blue field that takes up half of the full flag length, this represents the water in which the boats traveled to carry out this trade system.\
\
The second flag is the last flag that I had designed and it acts as a link between the past and the present. The inspiration for the design of this poster came from the design of the Seal of the State of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, the current seal and the design from variation used in 1853. I was also inspired by the Narragansett Tribe seal, which has a very similar design. I decided that I wanted to take both the seal of the Narragansett Tribe seal and the Rhode Island seal and make the second flag about the founding of Rhode Island with the focus on the European\'92s impact on the tribes already settled in New England. I researched the history of the Narragansett Tribe in Rhode Island and became really interested the King Phillip\'92s War. This war was a conflict between the English colonists and several native tribes in New England. Subsequent to the war and the Great Swamp Fight, where hundreds of Narragansett men, women and children burned and the ones that survived were sold into slavery, the Narragansett Tribe continuously had their land taken from them by state government. The seal on the flag features a gold outer ring and a red sun within it. The sun itself is from the actual Narragansett tribe seal, I have made it red on my flag as a symbol for all of the blood and suffering they have endured because of the colonists and forced assimilation.\
\
In designing this set of flags, I have grouped the first two flags together and the last two flags together in terms of design similarity and historical era. The third flag depicts abstractly, Providence\'92s famous WaterFire, and the last flag depicts abstracted violets. These two flags represent modern Rhode Island and Providence while still keeping the same design language as the first two designs with the incorporation of the blue fields, also representing water but in this case the Providence River and the Narragansett Bay. These two flags are inherently less dark in comparison to the previous, which is why I decided that I wanted to make the forms more abstracted and less contained within strict lines and curves. I thought that I should make a flag symbolizing WaterFire not only because the flags would be flown right on the river where it takes place, but also because WaterFire symbolizes and can be interpreted as the reflection of the idea that individuals must act together in a community to strengthen each other and the city as a whole. The final flag has an abstraction of violets because they are the state flower, moreover because the color is often associated with wealth, creativity, dignity, pride and independence.}