{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Felix Summ\
City Flags\
I created a series of flags that represent the history, community, geography, and\
future of Providence, Rhode Island. The symbols on each flag correspond to these core\
values I assigned to the city. Providence is also known as the Creative Capital and as\
such, I decided to break from the conventional flag; a square aspect ratio was used\
and I opted not to have a centered icon, both of which are common on many other\
national and city flags. However, I did retain symmetry in all four designs because I\
want to convey unity with each of the flags. I made sure there was enough contrast\
between the icons and the field so that they can be admired both during the day and\
night since they will be in the center of Waterfire events.\
\
The first flag represents the beginnings of Providence. The compass stands as a\
symbol for guidance. The church steeple and cross allude to the founder, Roger\
Williams, and his church. Roger Williams founded the city on the right to religious\
freedom and today, Providence continues to be a haven for people of multiple\
backgrounds. The color yellow represents light and security.\
\
The second flag is a symbol for the community of Providence. The Providence\
community is a locus for arts, finance, and industry so it is only fitting it is represented\
by a flower where each pedal extends from a stem. The flower pedals breach the dark\
ring and will not be contained to show how progress is always expanding in\
Providence. The color green shows the growth and strength of the people of\
Providence.\
\
The third flag shows the significance of water in Providence. Using the same pedal\
shape motif found in all of the designs, this flag shows both the waves of the Atlantic\
ocean as well as a life ring. The canal that runs through Providence is no small feat and\
the numerous bridges running across it is a testament to its impact on the city. It\
would seem a near necessity to design a flag in honor of the water especially since the\
flags will fly right next to the canal.\
\
Finally, the last flag represents the enigmatic future of Providence. I\'92ve shown this\
through an abstract wheel design in purple, a color often associated with mysticality.\
While the future of Providence is unknown, the wheel represents cycles and progress.}