{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tqc\tx9360\pardeftab720\li2880\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Given the freedom of choosing any desired topic of interest to use as a symbolic expression for the four flags, I decided to pick the subject of 
\b change, evolution and growth
\b0 . Instead of seeing each word as a distinct term of its own, I saw it as a comprehensive formula for a better future. \
\
After having done a number of research, I decided to narrow down my color choice for my four flags to purely 
\b red, blue and white
\b0 . Blue often connotes perseverance, red commonly represents courage and white generally indicates peace. These colors add meaning together to symbolize for a progressive future that promises a strong will to improve and reform for a better society. Additionally, sustaining these color choices brought continuity and harmonized the four flags to go together coherently. These bold colors calls out confidence and instantly grabs attention. \
\
My main struggle was to create a symbolic narrative using simple pictorial form that could be universally recognized with no text and explanation. Flags are used as an emblem to identify and create an unmistakable identity for a country or institution. Using the symbol of a \'91
\b bullseye target
\b0 \'92 as my main component to use throughout my flags, I decided to replicate the universally understood white circle in the middle and the red rings around the white central circle. The white line running through the target indicates the overflowing information that is received and taken into account. The unenclosed lines show the willingness to stay informed and the immediate response to the information acquired. The combination of red and white is how society should marry new knowledge with its existing identity to enable expansion.\
\
The battle I constantly had to face was ensuring my design did not suggest the commonly understood pictogram of communication as it does bear semblance to the wifi symbol. \
}