{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c20784\c20784\c20784;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 Evolution, development, growth Tomiris Shyngyssova\
Looking at a range of concepts offered, I struggled to choose one single idea because all of\
the proposed themes are inextricably connected. For example, there is no community\
without unity, there is no development without hope. Therefore, I decided to express the\
idea of \'91evolution, development, growth\'92 in the four flags, as well as allude to other concepts,\
such as hope and unity.\
Whilst the chosen concept is supposed to unify the four flags, I did not strive to create four\
separate images with a common idea. Instead, this quartet should be more than the sum of\
its parts. Therefore, I decided to express the concept of \'91evolution\'92 as a formula, using the\
four images as a rebus to communicate the idea.\
In this way, the flags would not simply be symbolic images, but they would encourage the\
viewer to look beyond their iconography and actively try to interpret the given rebus.\
Evolution or development do not exist in abstraction. Instead, the terms imply an origin\
point. Therefore, the first flag takes the origin point in the historical context of Rhode Island\
depicting an anchor and alluding to the textile industry through the use of one single line that\
imitates a thread outlining the image. The colours and symbols used derive from the state\
flag which depicts a yellow anchor and the state motto \'91Hope\'92 in blue colour. Therefore, one\
can use the viewer\'92s visual awareness of the colours and symbols to communicate the new\
message.\
\
The second flag introduces the spiral which acts as a symbol of continuous development\
and progress. Spiral is the elemental structure of our DNA, of certain plants and organisms.\
Therefore, it is a universally recognized symbol. As remarked by V. I. Lenin, the spiral\
represents the repetition with a simultaneous preservation of the past. The conflict of history\
and the future is particularly important today, as we see the problematic nature of\
monuments and the question of a collective past. The spiral proposes a solution \'96 to\
recognize the previous stage of development while being elevated to the new level.\
The third flag builds on the colours and shapes of the previous two, suggesting the blending\
of the spiral and introduces the concept of community in the form of circles, as separate\
entities that pave the way forward.\
\
As promised, the previous images culminate in the last flag. Originally, it was intended to be\
white, as a blank slate for new beginnings. However, due to the common awareness of the\
white flag as a symbol of surrender, it was altered to have a white background with the well-known\
blue and yellow R.I. colour scheme. The blue dots are could also remind one of the\
notion of the \'91blue dot\'92, which is essentially the image of planet Earth from space. It reminds\
us of the fleeting nature of life and the common origin that we all have. Thus, the last flag\
extrapolates the imagery of the R.I. state, recognizes its history and places it in context of\
the world.}