{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green122\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c47843\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs42 \cf2 The forms come from the decorative cut-outs on the railings along the canel. The flag should inspire people to be mindful of the beautiful details around the city. This flag focuses on the idea of Providence being the \'93creative capitol\'94, with its educational resourses and art community. The blue circle in the middle symbolize the rich history that Providence has. The blue dots and orange lines symbolize the how it is a place where knowledge and creative ideas are spread. This flag is partly dedicated to the skaters and bikers who practice around the four flags poles and have the closest relationship with the flags. It is also inspired by how they keep striving for better when practicing tricks. The formal elements are derived from skate ramps. It symbolizes the growth, evolution and the idea that traditions and legacies guide the formation of new creations. The circle that forms because of the Closure Principle of the Gestalt Principles symbolizes the unity of the \'93old\'94 and the \'93new\'94. The formal elements come from WaterFire Providence, the occasion when the most people are going see the four flags. The weaving aspect of it also make reference to Providence\'92s history with textiles. At the same time, the angled strokes in orange represent the newer ideas that might seem \'93harsh\'94 at first. The smoother, blue strokes represent the way things were going, the traditions. The flag represents how these two aspects of Providence live together in harmony. The formal aspect of the flags come from the imagery of a box in the English language (as seen in \'93think outside of the box\'94). The form represent the expanded view of a box, with the orange dots residing ouside of it. The formal elements also allude to the idea of a map. In Providence, traditional buildings are preserved, some are renewed to served new purposes. They become living, working, learning environments for people today. The stair shape also symbolize growth and evolution. Yuanyu (Lorraine) Li Traditions vs. The New}