{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c1680\c19835\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The flag is a unifying symbol of a community, meant to galvanize our pride, bolster hometown congruity, loyalty. It is something we can rally behind, believe in, pledge allegiance 
\i to. 
\i0 \
\
If we allow it to be, it can be rather important.\
\
Providence doesn\'92t have a flag. It should. Providence was founded by a RENEGADE preacher in 1636. Who was fleeing religious persecution, who wanted to build a welcoming place for all religions. He wasn\'92t perfect, but there is something there.\
\
He was greeted by the Narragansett Tribe, \'93What Cheer, Netop?\'94 Netop, meaning friend. For once in the history of our country, two different factions, the Narragansett people and those who followed Williams, lived peacefully. Two identities, coexisting.\
\
This freedom (to be anything you want to be) remains an ideological foundation of Providence. The term \'91providence\'92 means the protective care of God or of nature as a spiritual power. This idea of fate, destiny, predestination is one that allows for the deconstruction of conventionality, normality, conformity BECAUSE if everything is already set, we possess the freedom and RIGHT to be and live however we desire. \
\
The city is defined by an unjuried, uncensored relationship with the arts and is fueled by the democratization of art, creativity for all. (The arts as in political arts, literary, scientific, you name it)\
\
since 1636, Providence has maintained this spunky attitude as a community of individuals. We light our river on fire! Providence is weird; we want it to stay that way. \
\
There\'92s an idiomatic expression which describes the unusual individualist who could not fit into a niche of their society. I\'92m sure you\'92ve heard it before: \
\
A square peg in a round hole. \
The best part is the saying itself is circular, forgiving; it doesn\'92t matter if you mess it up. Because a round peg in a square hole is as equally unlikely to fit. \
\
The point is\'97-the flag should represent something that brings us all together while maintaining the beauty of each citizen\'92s own originality and individualism. And that is what these flags try to do. \
We are all square pegs trying to fit into round holes, but if we are all square pegs when we come together we make a beautiful grid, an unflinching rectangle. We are interlocked, intertwined, yet still wacky and unique and grateful to call Providence home. \
}