{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Throughout my process while making flags for the area, what stood out to me\
was the authenticity of the colors in the landscape to Providence overall as well as the\
importance we impart on an area. I began the unit by looking at symbols that were\
distinctively representative of Providence and of Rhode Island as a whole. For example,\
I started my research by looking at some of the objects and mottos that are authentic to\
the state. I made flags that depicted some of these, particularly, the Waterfire Festival\
and the Providence River. However, at this point of the project, I was very unhappy with\
my results. Later on, I decided that I wanted to take a different approach. This meant\
completely scrapping the first designs I made, and attempting to represent a whole new\
concept in a whole different way. I became interested in portraying landscapes as\
abstract compositions. This was definitely rooted in the idea that abstraction and\
geometric shapes, as opposed to things like language or text, are truly universal and\
devoid of any major symbolism in their purest form. Through reaching this conclusion, I\
fully abstracted an image of the area and extracted some of the colors to make a\
composition of simple vertical of horizontal stripes. Working with simple shapes and\
pixel-like forms, I later became interested in architectural forms and the amounts of\
importance we exert onto them as we find ourselves in an area. I simplified the same\
image through a different process and selected the most iconic symbols of the\
landscape. The final step in the process came about after the class critique, as a result\
of which, I was able to polish my flags and enhance them into what they are now. With\
the final four set, I was attempting to depict variety as a means of showing my process,\
but using the same or similar color schemes in order to represent the area itself. This\
time, however, I experimented with other forms that were not simply rectilinear, yielding\
an even more robust set of flags. The final set is truly a representation of both process\
and concept, first, in that they depict various of the choices I made throughout my work\
but with enough condensation of some more dramatic elements, and second, in that, in\
their use of color, they show the spirit Providence in a simple, and approachable way.}