{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 On the canal walkway, I observed the activity that went on around the four flag post in front of RISD design center. Alongside with my observation, I researched and selected information to be used as my inspiration and focus point. These were the key points I build off on: Rhode Island is a creative capital and a community of artists, students, leaders, and business owners. I chose to base my ideas and designs on Providence\'92s present community by the canal river. \
\
For the first flag, I designed it with a white background, an orange circle, and blue hands. The hands are not filled with any color, instead, it is only outlined in blue to give it form. The hand\'92s colors are left out in order to not bring the attention to skin colors but rather to its outstretched gesture. The four hands laying on top of the orange circle are the inclusion of people. The color orange, a friendly and jubilant one, is taken from the brick buildings near the flag posts. The circle shape is used because no matter how many people join, the circle, like a pie, can be evenly split. The idea is that every person has equal opportunity to become part of the community in Providence, Rhode Island. \
\
For the next flag, the hands woven together is a reflection of the fun quirky community of people in Providence. Hands are woven with each other to give it a sense that there is an intimate relationship in the group. Hands are representing people and their personalities. As people get to know each other, their fun personality shine and invite others to interact. Each hand is drawn by the pencil tool as a mean to reveal the humanistic quality of hands and its unique identity separate from its neighbors. The color blue and white is selected for the same purpose as mentioned above in the first flag. In addition, the color blue reflects a sense of fluidity and freedom within the community. \
\
This flag is another with woven elements, the gradient filled rectangles create a square as a whole. The sense of fluidity in the community is shown through the gradual gradient of colors. Gradient colors evoke playfulness and it represents different types of people and their personalities within the group. The rectangle becomes a collective whole and comes together to form a single shape, a square. Squares are strong shapes as its form has structural integrity. This simple graphic and idea represent community having a strong bond. \
\
The last flag has a white circle, orange background, and blue hands. The orange background came from the orange color of the brick buildings by the canal; It acts as the context, where the flag posts are located. The circle shape recurs as white this time and its concept is similar to the pie reference, but the only difference is that it stands for the sun this time. The hand acts as the waves of the canal water. Its simple and illustrative look speaks for the creativity in providence and its community.}