{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Rhode Island Flag of Hope\
\
In the year of 1636, settlers from Massachusetts arrived at Rhode Island in search of religious\
freedom. Rhode Island acquired a charter in 1663 as a Colony, and Providence Plantations. The\
Rhode Island state motto of \'93Hope\'94 derived from a Christian context. The use of word \'93Hope\'94\
was inspired by the biblical phrase \'93hope we have as an anchor of the soul.\'94 The hope in context\
of history was a reflection of Colonists\'92 optimism about their future in America. Hope is an\
essential quality for everyone regardless of age, race, and cultural backgrounds.\
The main goal of a series of four flags is a reminder of hope to the audience. Considering the\
location of the four flags, the principal audience is the college students in Rhode Island. The\
mission of the flags is to be an inspiration for creating a hopeful community. Hopeful community\
can be made by believing and trusting in oneself and the possibility that one can create. The\
hopeful community for students in Rhode Island will result in a community of happiness, dream,\
change, and respect. The series of four flags demonstrate four different elements of the sunrise:\
ambience, contrast, reflection, and radiance.\
\
In the series of four flags, the primary symbol of sunrise is used to represent hope.\
As Sun is a consistent and necessary factor in our daily life, hope is a crucial factor in our life in\
facing various circumstances. In addition, sunrise indicates the start of the day. Depending on\
weather conditions, the visibility of the sun varies. However, we are aware that it is always there,\
no matter how bright it appears each day. In the same way, hope can be hidden and harder to find\
at times but it is always there.\
\
There are many rituals around the world where people gather together in the early morning to see\
the sunrise. A lot of people go see the sunrise as a start of the year/ to reflect on the past year and\
remind themselves of the new goals and hopeful resolutions for the new year. In order to see the\
sunrise, a lot of effort is usually put in. Often times, people have to wake up early and wait hours\
to see the sunrise even though the actual sunrise only lasts for five minutes. In that sense, it is\
quite a valuable experience. Watching the sunrise is a memorable experience. The joy that comes\
from viewing the sun of blazing vitality is like none other.\
\
The colors used in the flags are yellow, white, blue, and red. The use of yellow reflects the color\
of the sunlight, and the bright and warm quality of hope. The color white represents peace,\
purity, brightness, hope, light, and innocence. The color blue symbolizes the clear sky, water of\
Rhode Island, peace, honesty, and stability. Lastly, the color red is used to convey energy and\
passion needed for hope and as the freedom of Rhode Island that is significant in context of\
symbol of hope in the state history. With the domination of bright and warm colors, the colors\
were intended to convey hope by brightening up and warming up the cold weather of RI.}