{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
 
\b Symbolism: \

\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 1.Water Flow 
\b0 \
\
Today, the providence river is edged by cobblestone walkways for people to to use as a resting/social place. Using the simple pattern of wave like motion, it symbolizes the flow of the providence river. The edginess of the flag design is put into the intention of showing how the river now co-exists with cobblestone human-made material. \
\

\b 2. Organism (Fish) 
\b0 \
\
The patterns of this flag can be easily interpreted as a fish scale. Such organisms living beneath the river can easily be missed when observed from out of the river, thus limiting what we see from the outside. Such organism can also be a crucial element that is related to the river, as it also represents a source of habitat.\
 \

\b 3. Movement 
\b0 \
\
The flag is an abstraction of bird\'92s eye view point of the venetian bridge located near 15 West. The circular and rectangular shapes symbolize human and other movements that occur above and under the bridge. I believed this was a critical observation of the providence river, since it acts a connection for people to transport, thus interesting movements can be recorded. \
\

\b 4. Perspective 
\b0 \
\
Our perspective is restricted in many ways, such as only being able to visualize what is limited to your standpoint when observing something. I wanted to break that idea and see in what other perspectives I could look at the river. Thus, if one were to stand inside of the river and look towards the flag pole it would create a layered observation. In this flag I wanted to represent layers of different platforms seen between the river and the flag pole. The stripes of the flag depict the stairs, fences, stones, and other platforms that can be seen from this perception. \
\

\b Concept:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
All of these four flags lies in the same concept of observing the surrounding elements of the providence river. \
Using the observation from my research of the location (flag poles), I have abstracted certain objects/structures to create 
\b symbolism 
\b0 for each of the flag. \
None of the flags composes color, due to the fact that when one sees the flag he/she does not make any stereotypical interpretations. (Blue and Red color is commonly seen in the American Flag), thus the flags are represented in black and white manner. }