{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Growth, Evolution, Progression \
\
I want my flags to display a progression, or evolution, using intentional colors and abstract geometric forms that consolidate into a new, representative icon. I hope to show the evolution of our history and how we portray it through the progression of my flag designs. Each flag represents the growth of communities within Rhode Island\'92s history, under four different conditions. The first represents separate growth. Each of the two entities against a yellow field are separate and equally small, growing within their own non-overlapping bubbles. The second references progression through conflict. The shapes and colors are in tension, clashing into each other. The third represents growth, or hindered growth, through oppression\'97the enclosing shape is feeding off of the contained shape, one getting bigger while the other stays small. The fourth represents growth through integration and cooperation. The former two entities from the other flags combine together to create a recognizable form, a fish, that can serve as a shared Rhode Island identity. Each stage of growth has occurred as an important part of history on Rhode Island\'92s soil, particularly after the Narragansetts first met the European colonizers that settled here. At first, the two groups, the natives and Roger Williams\'92 people, lived separately and independently. Then, when the Puritans came down from Massachusetts, they massacred the Narragansett land, and there was a period of fighting and subsequent long-term oppression following. The last flag represents our transition into living equally, giving native peoples\'92 land back, celebrating the diversity among the people of Rhode Island, and coming together to grow as a whole community. I think it\'92s important to display the bad parts of history as well as the good, because recognition of history is the key to a community\'92s growth. \
\
I\'92m using the colors in the Narragansett tribe logo, since they play such a large role in Rhode Island\'92s history. A flag is a site-specific work of art, so it\'92s important that each one references the specific history of its home. Also, this primary color scheme is bright }