{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Yoon Kim\
John Caserta\
Unit 3: Flag\
\
For the flag assignment, I chose to symbolize unity. My targeted group of\
audience was the RISD community. The assignment got me to think more critically\
about the role of flags, the meaning and representation people can read from them, and\
how they evoke feelings in people. We were told the flags we design would be intended\
for the four flag poles by the Canal behind the Design Center. I observed people who\
mostly walk by the area or linger and enjoy pastime. They could be divided in four\
groups: RISD students taking a break from class, office workers walking back to work\
from a lunch break, pedestrians walking their dog, and homeless people at night. I\
focused on designing flags for RISD students.\
\
I felt that I was able to empathize with them best as being a RISD student myself\
and taking many breaks by the canal. I assumed from personal experience that many\
students would feel beat and sometimes discouraged from critique. Feeling discouraged\
can often inhibit oneself from having a positive mindset and being open and kind to\
others. I believed that it is ultimately one\'92s mindset and change in oneself that can bring\
us together in unity. So for the flags, I created designs that evoked a hopeful and\
exuberant sentiment that will encourage viewers to stay optimistic.\
\
RISD\'92s establishment date was March 22, 1877, making its numerology number\
3. Oddly enough, the number 3 in Life Path represents artistic creativity and natural gift\
of expression. And so I chose the three colors to represent the people at RISD yellow,\
orange, and red. Yellow symbolizing happiness, orange creativity, and red passion.\
Green represents our school RISD, and blue represents the world that lays out there\
ahead of us.\
\
I wanted the four flags to work as a series, and show somewhat of a progressive\
narrative. The second flag for instance has 18 of the same shapes, each representing\
the 18 departments RISD has. The final fourth flag shows all three colors coming\
together in harmony inside the green circle RISD represents, which is inside the blue\
background representing the world.}