{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green30\blue31;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c13333\c11765\c12157;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12080\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl241\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 INVESTIGATE
\b0 \

\b CONTRIBUTE
\b0 \

\b COLLABORATE
\b0 \

\b DISSEMINATE \

\b0 \
This set of flags attempts to translate the iconography of the flag of Rhode Island into the realm of knowledge (specifically the acquiring, employing, sharing and spreading of it). It does so by combing a variety of fairly known symbols along with those included in the flag of Rhode Island. The latter consists of a gold anchor which is considered to be a symbol of hope (which is also the state\'92s motto). The presence of blue possibly refers to Rhode Island being known as the Ocean State. The displayed series of designs seems to take this symbolism further by transforming it into a narrative while always intrinsically belonging to the symbolism associated with Rhode Island. Similarly, the color scheme that runs through the series parallels that of the flag of the state and consists of white, gold and a dark yet saturated blue. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl221\partightenfactor0
\cf2 All the flags amalgamate the symbol of the golden anchor with specific symbols to bring forth certain ideas. The first one in the series combines it with the symbol of a magnifying glass to reinforce the importance of curiosity and investigation. The second integrates it with the symbol of a pen to refer to the idea of employing the knowledge thus acquired. The third emphasizes the verb \'91to anchor\'92, that is secure firmly in position and the forth combines the anchor with the symbol of a globe to prompt the idea of the dissemination of knowledge. Moreover, every flag has a set of 5 strokes of varying weights that attempt to signify diversity. These strokes are white in order to symbolize unity and peace among diverse groups. In the first flag, these strokes play into the idea of investigation in that they essentially bring the independent study as well as the interdependent study of diversity under the scope. In the second design, the bottom most stroke, the one that is incomplete, seeks to represent contribution, assumes the viewer asthe subject and thus, includes the latter as a part of the group. By means of the third, these strokes amalgamate together to establish a community that interacts, discusses and collaborates in order to proceed to the forth step collectively. Hence, in the forth flag, the strokes seem to envelope the globe and spread beyond to bring home the idea of disseminating knowledge and act as catalysts for the process to begin yet again.}