{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 DS1 Unit 3: How can we use symbols to communicate who we are? who we are? RISD 33.9% White 38.8% Asian 8.8% Hispanic/Latino 2.5% Black or African American 4.9% More than 1 race/ethnicity 11% unknown Population 179,219 White 49.8% 6.4% Asian 27.8% Hispanic/Latino 16% Black or African American 2,014 undergraduate 467 graduate Median Household Income $37,501 29.1% Poverty Rate (more than double U.S. average) Median family income $151,400 67% come from the top 20 percent Providence, RI Disparaging dierence between RISD and the actual city of Providence e idea that we as designers, members of an wealthy, private and exclusive institution to be designing something for a city we don\'92t know could be seen as romantically idealistic and self serving or elitist in some aspects. Roman Mars suggested that city ags be designed by designers rather than using the general public which is true but the underlying, unspoken detail that should be included in that statement is that the designer should be from the city that its designing for. When cities start to reach out to famous, esteemed designers the ethics behind who is making public property comes into question. Milton Glaser\'92s controversial logo for the state of Rhode Island, described by Professor John Caserta as \'93trying to do a lot of things and kind of doing nothing at the same time\'94 cost taxpayers $400,000. is led me to conceptualize a ag that destroyed the idea of a ag itself. By turning a ag into an art piece rather than a functional object, the assignment became a lot more appropriate for me, a 20 year-old Korean-American from California to be designing. I referenced photos of Doug Aitken and John Gerrard\'92s ag as a piece of reection, a vehicle to convey something about the nature of the project itself. Plastic\'92s reective qualities echoes the city and abandons idea of representation as many of us are not Providence natives nor can call ourselves residents as most of us have been here for less than 12 months. e ag recognizes that as an institution, RISD\'92s role in PVD can specically be described as oering visually stimulating \'93art\'94 and important dialogue to the community PLASTIC, REFLECTIVE Every ing (2015) by Doug Aitken Western Flag by John Gerrard Personal Experience with Flag: Negative. I think it is also important to mention my personal contempt for ags as an object itself. As a Korean-American, I could not call myself a \'93Korean\'94 but any allegiance I had with the American ag was instantly eradicated by my experience as a non-white person in America and has only been exacerbated by today\'92s political and social climate. Flags personally connotate colonization, violent war and blind patriotism in addition to white nationalism and racism. So I chose to reduce it down to its most basic formal qualities. At its most basic essence, there is a mesmerizing quality behind a waving piece of fabric in the air. I chose to incorporate 4 stripes in succession, one for each dimension that we as artists work in. 1 dimension for drawing, 2 dimensions for graphic, 3 dimensions for sculpture, furniture and Industrial design, and 4 dimensions for FAV. eir form and placement connotate a ag but the absence of a fabric plane suggests to viewers that maybe this isn\'92t the time for a ag. \'93oensive\'94 \'93symbol of oppression\'94 \'93racism\'94}